README.md, before:

## SteveJobzniak's MPV Utilities

* `[ Lua ]` **[auto-keep-gui-open.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/auto-keep-gui-open.lua)**

  Intelligently switches mpv's "keep-open" behavior based on whether you are
  running in video-mode or audio-only mode.

* `[ JS ] TOP!` **[Backbox.js](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/Backbox.js)**

  Advanced, modular media browser, file manager and playlist manager for mpv.

* `[ Lua ]` **[cycle-video-rotate.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/cycle-video-rotate.lua)**

  Allows you to perform video rotation which perfectly cycles through all 360
  degrees without any glitches.

* `[ JS ] TOP!` **[Leapfrog.js](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/Leapfrog.js)**

  Effortlessly jump through your playlist, with your own custom jump size and
  direction, including the ability to jump randomly. Excellent when queuing lots
  of images and using mpv as an image viewer.

* `[ Lua ] TOP!` **[multi-command-if.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/multi-command-if.lua)**

  Very powerful conditional logic and multiple action engine for your
  keybindings, without having to write a single line of code!

* `[ Lua ] TOP!` **[quick-scale.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/quick-scale.lua)**

  Quickly scale the video player to a target size, with full control over target
  scale and max scale. Helps you effortlessly resize a video to fit on your
  desktop, or any other video dimensions you need!

### Download

Easily download all scripts as a zip file: [mpv-tools-master.zip](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/archive/master.zip).

### Requirements

You need the [mpv.io](http://mpv.io) media player, built with Lua (`.lua`) and
JavaScript (`.js`) support. If you want to use any of the JavaScript utilities,
you must _also_ download the `scripts/modules.js/` folder and place it within
your own `scripts/` folder, exactly how it's laid out in this project. It
contains important sublibraries that are shared by all of my `.js` utilities.

### License

[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

### Author

SteveJobzniak (https://github.com/SteveJobzniak)

### Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please feel free to submit a
pull request, or perhaps even sending a donation as a token of your appreciation.

### Donate as thanks for my work?

Totally optional, but _greatly_ appreciated if my hard work has helped you. ;-)

- ![Paypal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reek/anti-adblock-killer/gh-pages/images/paypal.png) Paypal: [Donate](https://www.paypal.me/Armindale/0usd)
- ![btc](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reek/anti-adblock-killer/gh-pages/images/bitcoin.png) Bitcoin: 18XF1EmrkpYi4fqkR2XcHkcJxuTMYG4bcv

Commit message:

README: Add section about update notifications

README.md, after:

## SteveJobzniak's MPV Utilities

* `[ Lua ]` **[auto-keep-gui-open.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/auto-keep-gui-open.lua)**

  Intelligently switches mpv's "keep-open" behavior based on whether you are
  running in video-mode or audio-only mode.

* `[ JS ] TOP!` **[Backbox.js](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/Backbox.js)**

  Advanced, modular media browser, file manager and playlist manager for mpv.

* `[ Lua ]` **[cycle-video-rotate.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/cycle-video-rotate.lua)**

  Allows you to perform video rotation which perfectly cycles through all 360
  degrees without any glitches.

* `[ JS ] TOP!` **[Leapfrog.js](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/Leapfrog.js)**

  Effortlessly jump through your playlist, with your own custom jump size and
  direction, including the ability to jump randomly. Excellent when queuing lots
  of images and using mpv as an image viewer.

* `[ Lua ] TOP!` **[multi-command-if.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/multi-command-if.lua)**

  Very powerful conditional logic and multiple action engine for your
  keybindings, without having to write a single line of code!

* `[ Lua ] TOP!` **[quick-scale.lua](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/blob/master/scripts/quick-scale.lua)**

  Quickly scale the video player to a target size, with full control over target
  scale and max scale. Helps you effortlessly resize a video to fit on your
  desktop, or any other video dimensions you need!

### Download

Easily download all scripts as a zip file: [mpv-tools-master.zip](https://github.com/SteveJobzniak/mpv-tools/archive/master.zip).

### Update Notifications

To get update notifications, simply ensure that you have a GitHub account, and
press the "Star" and "Watch" buttons at the top of this project page. You will
then receive notifications (via email by default) whenever a new version is
released.

### Requirements

You need the [mpv.io](http://mpv.io) media player, built with Lua (`.lua`) and
JavaScript (`.js`) support. If you want to use any of the JavaScript utilities,
you must _also_ download the `scripts/modules.js/` folder and place it within
your own `scripts/` folder, exactly how it's laid out in this project. It
contains important sublibraries that are shared by all of my `.js` utilities.

### License

[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

### Author

SteveJobzniak (https://github.com/SteveJobzniak)

### Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please feel free to submit a
pull request, or perhaps even sending a donation as a token of your appreciation.

### Donate as thanks for my work?

Totally optional, but _greatly_ appreciated if my hard work has helped you. ;-)

- ![Paypal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reek/anti-adblock-killer/gh-pages/images/paypal.png) Paypal: [Donate](https://www.paypal.me/Armindale/0usd)
- ![btc](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reek/anti-adblock-killer/gh-pages/images/bitcoin.png) Bitcoin: 18XF1EmrkpYi4fqkR2XcHkcJxuTMYG4bcv
